I wanna create an AI agent tool that can work with any AI model and AI agent powered IDE by using MCPs , Skills file and other standards. I want you to go through projects like Graphify that will scan and go though your codebase, learns to map the dependency graph, semantic relationships between the functions, files, classes, methods, etc. It uses blazing fast codebase ingestor that just eats up your codes and creates a sort of SoTA knowledge graph using new research proven techniques, indexes complex relationships and stores their exact location, file name, folder name, file tree, line numbers, line number ranges, and other useful stuffs in a compressed but easy, lightweight, blazingly fast and highly accurate to traverse and query indexing system, not only simple knowledge graph like Graphify but much more advanced technique that will save thousands and millions of tokens for models. I want you to use SoTA libraries and algorithms of Rust and leverage it's memory management and blazing speed to serve AI agents. I want it to be expert in ingesting, understanding and modeling code and serve the agent by traversing and querying the vector index, semantic, dependency, AST graphs, to argument the effort of the model to help the user in coding tasks. It's main point should be that it should be blazingly fast for ingesting and querying too (like Devin's Fast Context), a speed and technique that is rare and novel, it should be highly accurate and able to actually serve a purpose compared to agents and ide's inbuilt code indexing and querying system, it should be lightweight and should provide a UI to manage codebases, graphs, and indexes and explore the codes manually too. You may use Rust, it's libraries and maybe some C++ too. I want it to work with as many languages as possible but main focus should be HTML, CSS, JS, Node.js, Typescript Bun, React, Vue, Python, Dart, Flutter, C, C++ and Rust. Just build the architecture in deep and detailed way taking care of everything I mentioned and not missing anything. You may leverage GPU, CUDA libraries and algorithms for making tasks fast. Also if required and if it truly makes this better, you may use a small LLM that truly understands code typically CodeScout 4B or Ornith 1.0 9B, it's GGUF format with llama.cpp with Google TurboQuant for argumenting this tool's capability (highly optional, do only if it makes it better).